## SECOND SCHEDULE
*Guiding Principles*
1. **Principle of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms**
 Cultural diversity can be protected and promoted only if human rights and fundamental freedoms, such as freedom of expression, information and communication, as well as the ability of individuals to choose cultural expressions, are guaranteed. No one may invoke the provisions of the Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions in order to infringe human rights and fundamental freedoms as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights or guaranteed by international law, or to limit the scope of the Convention.
2. **Principle of sovereignty**
 Jamaica has, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the principles of international law, the sovereign right to adopt measures and policies to protect and promote the diversity of cultural expressions within the Island.
3. **Principle of equal dignity of and respect for all cultures**
 The protection and promotion of the diversity of cultural expressions presuppose the recognition of equal dignity of and respect for all cultures, including the cultures of persons belonging to minorities and indigenous peoples.
4. **Principle of international solidarity and cooperation**
 International cooperation and solidarity should be aimed at enabling Jamaica to create and strengthen her means of cultural expression, including her cultural industries, whether nascent or established, at the local, national and international levels.
5. **Principle of the complementarity of economic and cultural aspects of development**
 Since culture is one of the mainsprings of development, the cultural aspects of development are as important as its economic aspects, which individuals and peoples have the fundamental right to participate in and enjoy.
6. **Principle of sustainable development**
 Cultural diversity is a rich asset for individuals and societies. The protection, promotion and maintenance of cultural diversity are an essential requirement for sustainable development for the benefit of present and future generations.
7. **Principle of equitable access**
 Equitable access to a rich and diversified range of cultural expressions from all over the world and access of cultures to the means of expressions and dissemination constitute important elements for enhancing cultural diversity and encouraging mutual understanding.
8. Principle of openness and balance 
When the Government adopts measures to support the diversity of cultural expressions, the Government should seek to promote, in an appropriate manner, openness to other cultures of the world and to ensure that these measures are geared to the objectives pursued of this Act.