## THIRD SCHEDULE
*The Council*
### Constitution of Council.
1. The Council shall consist of [eleven] members to be appointed by the Minister.
### Offices.
2. The Council shall have a principal office in Jamaica but may 
maintain such [trade] commissions, branch offices, agencies and correspondents (whether within or outside Jamaica) as the Council deems considers fit.
### Chairman and vice-chairman.
3. –(1)    The Minister shall appoint a chairman and a vice-chairman, from among the members of the Council. 
(2)    In the case of the absence or inability to act of the chairman, the vice-chairman shall perform the functions of chairman. 
(3)    In the case of the absence or inability to act of both the chairman and vice-chairman, the Minister may appoint any other member of the Council to perform the functions of the chairman or, as the case may be, the vice-chairman, during such absence or inability.
### Temporary appointment.
4. The Minister may appoint any person to act temporarily in the 
place of any member of the Council in the case of the absence or
inability to act of the member.
### Incorporation.
5. - (1)    The seal of the Council shall be authenticated by the signatures of the chairman or one member of the Council authorised to act in that behalf and the secretary of the Council and such seal shall be officially and judicially noticed. 
(2)    All documents, other than those required by law to be under seal, made by. and all decisions of the Council may be signified under the hand of the chairman. any member of the Council authorised to act in that behalf, or the secretary of the Council.
### Tenure of office
6. – (1)   The appointment of every member of the Council shall be evidenced by instrument in writing and such instrument shall specify the period of office of the member, which shall not exceed three years. 
(2)   Every member of the Council shall be eligible for reappointment. 
(3) The Minister may, at any time, revoke the appointment of any member of the Council if he thinks it expedient so to do.
### Resignation.
7. – (1)     Any member of the Council other than the chairman may at any time, resign his office as member by instrument in writing addressed to the Minister and transmitted through the chairman, and from the date of the receipt by the Minister of such instrument, such member shall cease to be a member of the Council. 
(2)     The chairman may, at any time, resign his office as chairman or member by instrument in writing addressed to the Minister and such resignation shall take effect as from the date of the receipt of such instrument by the Minister.
### Publication of membership.
8. The names of the members of the Council as first constituted 
and every change in the membership of the Council shall be published in the Gazette.
### Procedure and meetings.
9. – (1) The Council shall meet as often as may be necessary or 
expedient for the transaction of its business, and such meetings shall be 
held at such places and times and on such days as the Council may determine. 
(2) The chairman may, at any time, call a special meeting of the 
Council, and shall call a special meeting to be held within seven 
days of a written request for that purpose addressed to him by any 
two members of the Council. 
(3) The chairman or, if the chairman is absent from any meeting. 
the vice-chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Council and 
in the absence of both the chairman and the vice-chairman from any 
meeting the members present and constituting a quorum shall elect 
a chairman from among their number to preside at that meeting. 
(4) A quorum  of the Council shall be five members.  
(5)    The decisions of the Council shall be by a majority of 
votes and, in addition to an original vote, the person presiding at a 
meeting shall have a casting vote in any case in which the voting is equal.
(6)    Minutes in proper form of each meeting of the Council 
shall be kept and shall be confirmed by the chairman or the vice-chairman or other member elected to preside at the meeting, as the case may be, as soon as practicable thereafter at a subsequent meeting. 
(7)    Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the Council shall have the power to regulate its own proceedings.
### Disclosure of interest.
10. – (1)    Any member of the Council who, otherwise than as such member, is directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or entered into, or proposed to be made or entered into by the Council, shall as soon as possible after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Council.
(2)     A disclosure under this paragraph shall be recorded in the minutes of the Council and the member -
(a)      shall not take part after the disclosure in any deliberation or decision of the Council relating to the contract; 
(b)       shall be disregarded for the purpose of forming a quorum of the Council for any such deliberation or decision. 
### Committees.
11. - (1)    The Council may appoint a committee of the Council to examine and report to it on any matter arising out of or connected with any of its powers and duties under this Act. 
(2)    A committee appointed under subparagraph (1) shall consist of at least two members of the Council and such other persons, whether members of the Council or not, whose assistance or advice the Council may desire. 
(3)    Where persons, not being members of the Council, are members of a committee appointed under this paragraph, the Council may by resolution declare the remuneration and allowances of such persons, and such sums shall properly be payable out of the funds and resources of the Council. 
(4) The Council may, by resolution, reject the report of any such committee or adopt it either wholly or with such modifications, 
additions or adaptations as the Council may think fit.
### Power to delegate.
12. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Council may delegate to any member or committee of the Council the power and authority to carry out on their behalf such duties as the Council may determine.
### Protection of the Council.
13. No act done or proceeding taken under this Act shall be questioned on the ground of -
(a)      the existence of any vacancy in the membership of, or any defect in the constitution of, the Council; 
(b)      the contravention by a member of the Council of the provisions of paragraph 10; or
(c)       any omission, defect or irregularity not affecting the merits of the case.
### Protection of members of the Council.
14. – (1)    No action, suit, prosecution or other proceedings shall be 
brought or instituted personally against any member of the Council 
in respect of any act done bona fide in pursuance or execution or intended execution of this Act. 
(2)    Where a member of the Council is exempt from liability by reason only of the provisions of this section the Council shall be liable to the extent that it would be if the member was a servant or agent of the Council.
### Remuneration of members.
15. There shall be paid to the chairman, vice-chairman and other members of the Council such remuneration, whether by way of honorarium, salary or fees, and such allowances, as the Minister may determine. 
### Office of chairman or member not public office.
16. The office of chairman or member of the Council shall not be a public office for the purposes of Chapter V of the Constitution of Jamaica. 
